Do institutional traders use indicators
on charts? Yes, but not the way you use
them. Institutional traders use them for
visualization purposes while developing
their trading strategies and not to
trade manually on them. Let me dig
further. I'm writing the code for the
next video which opens a long position
when the delta volume flips from
negative to positive. [music] I took the
data, load the graph, and started
developing the strategy. I added the
volume data indicator to make sure the
code is doing exactly what it's supposed
to do. In this way, I can spot the
errors in the code and fix [music] them.
And this is how traders use indicators
on charts.